Update documentation to reflect new Cloud Provider OCI structure (#292)
oracle/oci-cloud-controller-manager: docs/using-oci-volume-provisioner.md

# OCI Volume Provisioner

The OCI Volume Provisioner enables [dynamic provisioning][1] of storage
resources when running Kubernetes on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI). It uses
the [OCI Flexvolume Driver][2] to bind storage resources to Kubernetes Nodes.

> The volume provisioner offers support for [Block Volumes][5] and File System

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Volume Provisioner offers support for [Block Volumes][5] and File System
```

Storage volumes.

## Deployment

The oci-volume-provisioner is provided as a Kubernetes Deployment.

### Prerequisites

  - Install the [OCI flexvolume driver][2] if provisioning Block Storage
    volumes.

### Configuration

You will first need to create a cloud-provider configuration file tailored to
your OCI account and Kubernetes cluster. Please see the provider configuration

> documentation [here][5].

Reviewer: This link takes me to OCI docs on block volume which does not tell me what to put into a cloud-provider.yaml

This is maybe supposed to point to `/docs/development.md#Running-locally` ?
If so, consider revising sentence, same issue as **configuration** section in `using-oci-flexvolume-driver.md`

```bash
$ kubectl create secret generic oci-volume-provisioner \
  -n kube-system \
  --from-file=config.yaml=cloud-provider.yaml
```

### OCI Permissions

If authenticating with OCI via an IAM user please ensure it has the following
privileges in the OCI API by creating a [policy][6] tied to a group or user.

```
Allow group <name> to manage volumes in compartment <compartment>
Allow group <name> to manage file-systems in compartment <compartment>
```

> ## Deploy the OCI Volume Provisioner

Reviewer 2: Not sure how to phrase this, but, maybe could also do with a little 'shout-out'  to the storage classes and that they are getting deployed here too? Feel free to ignore. Minor.

First select the release to deploy.

If your cluster is configured to use [RBAC][3] you will need to submit the

> following, replacing the <VERSION> placeholder with the selected version:

Reviewer: Turns out that angle bracketed text is omitted from GitHub markdown previews (no idea why) I think this will fix it
 
```suggestion
following, replacing the `<VERSION>` placeholder with the selected version:
```

```
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/oracle/oci-volume-provisioner/releases/download/<VERSION>/oci-volume-provisioner-rbac.yaml
```

Deploy the volume provisioner into your Kubernetes cluster:

```
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/oracle/oci-volume-provisioner/releases/download/<VERSION>/oci-volume-provisioner.yaml
```

Lastly, verify that the oci-volume-provisioner is running in your cluster. By default it runs in the 'kube-system' namespace.

```
kubectl -n kube-system get po | grep volume-provisioner
```

## Usage

In this example we'll use the OCI Volume Provisioner to create persistent
storage for an NGINX Pod.

### Create a StorageClass

```bash
$ cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
kind: StorageClass
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1beta1
metadata:
  name: oci
provisioner: oracle.com/oci
EOF
```

### Create a PersistantVolumeClaim

Next we'll create a [PersistentVolumeClaim][4] (PVC).

> The storageClassName must match the "oci" storage class supported by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `storageClassName` of the PVC must match the `name` of the storage class.
```

> provisioner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The matchLabels should contain the (shortened) Availability Domain (AD) within

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `matchLabels` should contain the (shortened) Availability Domain (AD) within
```

which you want to provision the volume. For example in Phoenix that might be
`PHX-AD-1`, in Ashburn `US-ASHBURN-AD-1`, in Frankfurt `EU-FRANKFURT-1-AD-1`,

> and in London `UK-LONDON-1-AD-1`.

Reviewer: Would be nice to have these in table format / a link to a central place where the short names of all the ADs is maintained, but I don't know of such a place ... I think this information needs to be crystal clear given that the naming conventions are so inconsistent.

```yaml
kind: PersistentVolumeClaim
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: my-volume
spec:

>   storageClassName: "oci"

Author: `storageClassName: oci`

  selector:
    matchLabels:

>       failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/zone: "PHX-AD-1"

Author: `failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/zone: PHX-AD-1`

  accessModes:
    - ReadWriteOnce
  resources:
    requests:
      storage: 50Gi
```

After submitting the PVC, you should see a block storage volume available in
your OCI tenancy.

### Create a Kubernetes Pod that references the PVC

Now you have a PVC, you can create a Kubernetes Pod that will consume the
storage.

```yaml
kind: Pod
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: nginx
spec:
  volumes:
    - name: nginx-storage
      persistentVolumeClaim:
        claimName: my-volume
  containers:
    - name: nginx
      image: nginx
      ports:
        - containerPort: 80
      volumeMounts:
      - mountPath: /usr/share/nginx/html
        name: nginx-storage
```

### Create a block volume from a backup

You can use annotations to create a volume from an existing backup. Simply use
an annotation and reference the volume OCID.

```yaml
kind: PersistentVolumeClaim
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: block-volume-from-backup
  annotations:
    volume.beta.kubernetes.io/oci-volume-source: ocid...
spec:

>   storageClassName: "oci"

Author: No need for quoting this `storageClassName: oci`

  selector:
    matchLabels:
      failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/zone: PHX-AD-1
  accessModes:
    - ReadWriteOnce
  resources:
    requests:
      storage: 50Gi
```

## Misc

You can add a prefix to volume display names by setting an
`OCI_VOLUME_NAME_PREFIX` environment variable.

> [1]: http://blog.kubernetes.io/2016/10/dynamic-provisioning-and-storage-in-kubernetes.html

Reviewer: This link is dead...

```suggestion
[1]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/dynamic-provisioning/
```

> [2]: https://github.com/oracle/oci-cloud-controller-manager/tree/master/docs/using-oci-flexvolume-driver.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[2]: /docs/using-oci-flexvolume-driver.md
```
